yeah hi thanks for watching this video
we're going to make a California roll
and first we need a piece of see with
this is half of the that normally
comes this is the way they could we use
it on the sushi bars okay so we put the
sea with this way and you put some water
on our hands so the rice doesn't stick
and make sure don't put too much water
otherwise the rice will absorb it ed
fall apart just whatever you need so
we're going to do on the shape of a
tamale kind of the sushi rice and split
it spread all over this way some
substance get to it then we have a
digging naked kind of perfect if you
want to but this will be good enough we
have a wet towel which is going to wet
the cutting board so the rice doesn't
stick to our cardboard as you can see
and next we're going to put some couple
slices of avocado couple slices of
cucumber
if we have our crab salad it is a video
in my channel and how to make this or
you can just put strips of imitation
crab or king crab but I recommend you to
do these mix it is have some mail in
sesame oil and gives a very good flavor
to it so gonna grab some of that in put
it right on the middle not too much
because otherwise you will have a room
to roll it up little water in our hands
then we're going to get this corner and
push everything with our finger so weak
and roll it you go this way and make
sure there is the other edge still room
in there so you can roll it up once you
roll it you have visible last Rock put
it on top so often so the one who
doesn't stick to it we have given boot
right here and then we're going to push
this we have this common a finger on the
corners then this one right in the
middle at the same time you cannot push
and if we should right in the middle
only everything will come up so put the
corners push it then we got the square
square one you can also make the angels
what each way then we have a nice square
drove to cut it we got to put some water
in our life so the rice doesn't stick to
it we're going to slice right on the
middle do the same thing with the other
pieces so we can have a equal sizes
as you can see this is a nice California
Road let's see sesame seeds around
already you can put some more reviews
1-2 on top and then i'll put on a play
they create the way to you like it and i
hope you like this recipe thank you so
much